Add Support Tiers documentation (#19641)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Support-Tiers.md

---
last_review_date: "2025-03-28"
---

# Support Tiers

Homebrew has 3 support tiers

## Tier 1

### macOS

> To be supported on macOS a system must be all of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be supported on macOS, a system must be all of the following:
```

- running on official Apple hardware (e.g. not a Hackintosh)
- running a version of macOS supported by Apple on that hardware (e.g. not using OpenCore Legacy Patcher)

> - running the a version of macOS with Homebrew CI coverage (i.e. the latest stable or prerelease version, two preceding versions)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- running a version of macOS with Homebrew CI coverage (i.e. the latest stable or prerelease version, two preceding versions)
```

> - running the a version of macOS with Homebrew CI coverage (i.e. the latest stable or prerelease version, two preceding versions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- running a version of macOS with Homebrew CI coverage (i.e. the latest stable or prerelease version, two preceding versions)
```

- installed Homebrew in the default prefix (i.e. `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon, `/usr/local` on Intel x86_64)

### Linux

> To be supported on Linux a system must be all of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be supported on Linux, a system must be all of the following:
```

- running on Ubuntu or a Homebrew-provided Docker image
- not require Homebrew's `glibc`

Tier 1 e.g. macOS Sequoia (default prefix), Linux x86_64 (default prefix) with newish system libc: full CI coverage, full support, no warnings

## Tier 2

> Tier 2 e.g. any non-default prefix), ARM64 Linux (today), new macOS prereleases, Linux with older glibc: partial/no CI coverage, partial support, brew doctor warnings, no other runtime warnings

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tier 2 e.g. any non-default prefix, ARM64 Linux (today), new macOS prereleases, Linux with older glibc: partial/no CI coverage, partial support, brew doctor warnings, no other runtime warnings
```

These set expectations for how well Homebrew will run on a given configuration.

## Tier 1

A Tier 1 supported configuration is one in which:

- you get the best experience using Homebrew
- we will aim to fix bugs affecting this platform
- we will not output warnings running on this platform
- we have CI coverage for testing and building bottles for this platform
- your support is best met through Homebrew's issue trackers

### macOS

For Tier 1 support Homebrew on macOS must be all of:

- running on official Apple hardware (e.g. not a "Hackintosh" or VM)
- running a version of macOS supported by Apple on that hardware (e.g. not using OpenCore Legacy Patcher)
- running the a version of macOS with Homebrew CI coverage (i.e. the latest stable or prerelease version, two preceding versions)
- installed Homebrew in the default prefix (i.e. `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon, `/usr/local` on Intel x86_64)
- running on a supported architecture (i.e. Apple Silicon or Intel x86_64)
- not building official packages from source

### Linux

For Tier 1 support Homebrew on Linux must be all of:

- running on Ubuntu or a Homebrew-provided Docker image
- have a system `glibc` >= 2.13

> - if running Ubuntu, running a Ubuntu version in "standard support": <https://ubuntu.com/about/release-cycle>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- if running Ubuntu, running an Ubuntu version in "standard support": <https://ubuntu.com/about/release-cycle>
```

- installed Homebrew in the default prefix (i.e. `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew`)
- running on a supported architecture (i.e. Intel x86_64)

## Tier 2

A Tier 2 supported configuration is one in which any of:

- you get a subpar but potentially still usable experience using Homebrew

> - we review PRs that that fix bugs affecting this platform but will not aim to fix bugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- we review PRs that fix bugs affecting this platform but will not aim to fix bugs
```

- we will output `brew doctor` warnings running on this platform
- we are missing some CI coverage for testing and building bottles for this platform
- we will close issues only affecting this platform
- your support is best met through Homebrew's Discussions

Tier 2 configurations include:

- macOS prereleases before we state they are Tier 1 (e.g. in March 2025, macOS 16, whatever it ends up being called)

> - Linux versions where a system `glibc` < 2.13 so the Homebrew `glibc@*` formula is automatically installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Linux versions where a system `glibc` < 2.13, so the Homebrew `glibc@*` formula is automatically installed
```

- using official packages that need to be built from source due to installing Homebrew outside the default prefix (i.e. `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon, `/usr/local` on Apple Intel x86_64, `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` for Linux)

> - running on a not yet supported architecture (i.e. Linux ARM64/AARCH64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- running on a not-yet-supported architecture (i.e. Linux ARM64/AARCH64)
```

## Tier 3

A Tier 3 supported configuration is one in which:

- you get a poor but not completely broken experience using Homebrew

> - we strongly recommend migration to a Tier 1 or 2 configuration or a non-Homebrew tool if not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- we strongly recommend migrating to a Tier 1 or 2 configuration or a non-Homebrew tool
```

> - we will not review PRs or aim to fix bugs only affecting this platform

Author: ```suggestion
- we will only review PRs with a very bar: any changes made must be proven by the author to fix (not workaround) an issue and do not come with high maintainability costs (no patches)
- we will generally not aim to fix bugs ourselves affecting this platform
```

edited to say we won't accept patches because we shouldn't

- we may intentionally regress functionality on this platform if it e.g. improves things for other platforms

> - we will noisy warnings running on this platform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- we will emit noisy warnings when running on this platform
```

> - we will noisy warnings running on this platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- we will output noisy warnings running on this platform
```

- we are lacking any CI coverage for testing or building bottles for this platform

> - we will close issues without response only affecting this platform

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- we will close without response issues only affecting this platform
```

- your support is best met through Homebrew's Discussions

Tier 3 configurations include:

> - macOS versions that we no longer provide CI coverage and Apple no longer provides most security updates for (e.g. in March 2025, macOS Monterey/12 and older)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- macOS versions for which we no longer provide CI coverage and Apple no longer provides most security updates for (e.g. as of March 2025, macOS Monterey/12 and older)
```

> - macOS versions that we no longer provide CI coverage and Apple no longer provides most security updates for (e.g. in March 2025, macOS Monterey/12 and older)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- macOS versions that we no longer provide CI coverage for and Apple no longer provides most security updates for (e.g. in March 2025, macOS Monterey/12 and older)
```

- building official packages from source when binary packages are available
- installing Homebrew outside the default prefix (i.e. `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon, `/usr/local` on Apple Intel x86_64, `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` for Linux)

## Unsupported

> A unsupported configuration is one in which:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An unsupported configuration is one in which:
```

> - Homebrew will refuse to run at all without third-party patching.
> - You must migrate to another tool e.g. Tigerbrew, MacPorts, Linux system package managers etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Homebrew will refuse to run at all without third-party patching
- You must migrate to another tool (e.g. Tigerbrew, MacPorts, Linux system package managers, etc.)
```

> - You must migrate to another tool e.g. Tigerbrew, MacPorts, Linux system package managers etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must migrate to another tool (e.g. Tigerbrew, MacPorts, Linux system package managers etc.)
```

## Unsupported Software

> Note that all packages installed from third-party taps outside of the Homebrew GitHub organisation is unsupported by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that all packages installed from third-party taps outside of the Homebrew GitHub organisation are unsupported by default.
```

> Note that all packages installed from third-party taps outside of the Homebrew GitHub organisation is unsupported by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that all packages installed from third-party taps outside of the Homebrew GitHub organisation are unsupported by default.
```

> We may assist the maintainers/contributors/developers of such packages to fix bugs with the Homebrew formula/cask/tap system but are not responsible for resolving issues when using that software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We may assist the maintainers/contributors/developers of such packages to fix bugs with the Homebrew formula/cask/tap system, but we are not responsible for resolving issues when using that software.
```

---
last_review_date: "2025-03-28"
---

# Support Tiers

Homebrew has three support tiers.
These set expectations for how well Homebrew will run on a given configuration.

## Tier 1

A Tier 1 supported configuration is one in which:

- you get the best experience using Homebrew
- we will aim to fix bugs affecting this platform
- we will not output warnings running on this platform
- we have CI coverage for testing and building bottles for this platform
- your support is best met through Homebrew's issue trackers

### macOS

> For Tier 1 support, Homebrew on macOS must be all of:

Reviewer 3: Something I was just reminded of: your Homebrew should also be installed on the storage inside your mac. External storage issues keep popping up, but I don't consider them Tier 1 supported

- running on official Apple hardware (e.g. not a "Hackintosh" or VM)
- running a version of macOS supported by Apple on that hardware (e.g. not using OpenCore Legacy Patcher)
- running a version of macOS with Homebrew CI coverage (i.e. the latest stable or prerelease version, two preceding versions)
- installed Homebrew in the default prefix (i.e. `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon, `/usr/local` on Intel x86_64)
- running on a supported architecture (i.e. Apple Silicon or Intel x86_64)

> - not building official packages from source

Reviewer 4: Should we add something about taps?

Reviewer 4: Just saw there something about taps at the end of the document. All good then

- we review PRs that fix bugs affecting this platform but will not aim to fix bugs
- we will output `brew doctor` warnings running on this platform
- we are missing some CI coverage for testing and building bottles for this platform
- we will close issues only affecting this platform
- your support is best met through Homebrew's Discussions

Tier 2 configurations include:

- macOS prereleases before we state they are Tier 1 (e.g. in March 2025, macOS 16, whatever it ends up being called)
- Linux versions where a system `glibc` < 2.35 (but still >= 2.13), so the Homebrew `glibc` formula is automatically installed
- using official packages that need to be built from source due to installing Homebrew outside the default prefix (i.e. `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon, `/usr/local` on Apple Intel x86_64, `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` for Linux)
- running on a not-yet-supported architecture (i.e. Linux ARM64/AARCH64)

## Tier 3

A Tier 3 supported configuration is one in which:

- you get a poor but not completely broken experience using Homebrew
- we strongly recommend migrating to a Tier 1 or 2 configuration or a non-Homebrew tool

> - we will only review PRs with a very bar: any changes made must be proven by the author to fix (not workaround) an issue and do not come with high maintainability costs (no patches)

Reviewer 5: very high bar you mean?

- we will generally not aim to fix bugs ourselves affecting this platform
- we may intentionally regress functionality on this platform if it e.g. improves things for other platforms
- we will output noisy warnings running on this platform
- we are lacking any CI coverage for testing or building bottles for this platform
- we will close without response issues only affecting this platform
- your support is best met through Homebrew's Discussions

Tier 3 configurations include:

- macOS versions for which we no longer provide CI coverage and Apple no longer provides most security updates for (e.g. as of March 2025, macOS Monterey/12 and older)
- building official packages from source when binary packages are available
- installing Homebrew outside the default prefix (i.e. `/opt/homebrew` on Apple Silicon, `/usr/local` on Apple Intel x86_64, `/home/linuxbrew/.linuxbrew` for Linux)

## Unsupported

An unsupported configuration is one in which:

> - Homebrew will refuse to run at all without third-party patching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Homebrew will refuse to run at all without third-party patching
```
